Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
David, it was beautiful,
until you got to that point.
It was terrible. I wasn't even close.
Yes, you were,
until you got to that point.
Well, no matter how much I practice,
I'll still be faking it.
- I don't even know what I'm doing.
- David.
In high school,
I thought I was some kind of prodigy.
But now I'm surrounded
by all these music majors
and it just made me realize
what a joke I am.
Yeah, well, how many of those music
majors almost got a record deal?
Donna, that's rock 'n' roll.
Well, I thought your professor said
you were talented.
Yeah.
Right before he told me
I should start taking lessons.
So take the lessons
and you'll get better.
What's wrong
with asking for a little help?
Come on, play it again.
I like it, and so does Rocky II.
All right, fine.
One lesson, but that's it.
And if the teacher gets on my case,
I'm out of there.
We're never gonna make it there
on time.
Would you relax? We're ten minutes
from Dodger Stadium.
This is the first home game
of the season.
Do you have any idea what I had to do
to get tickets behind home plate?
No, but you're gonna tell me.
- I can't believe we're gonna miss it.
- We're not gonna miss it.
The Auto Club will be here.
We still got plenty of time.
Now what's wrong?
No dial tone.
Great.
Hey, look, there's a coffeehouse
with a payphone. Let's go.
Listen, why don't you sit down,
all right?
I'll go call the tow truck,
you order us a cappuccino.
I don't want a cappuccino.
I want a Dodger Dog, all right?
Good news, buddy, the tow truck
will be here in less than 20.
- What did you order us?
- Nothing, let's get out.
Steve, we just got here.
Let's relax a minute, okay?
I'll wait outside.
It's not gonna get here
any faster, Steve.
- What's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with me?
Don't you see anything strange
about this place?
What?
Brandon, we're sitting
in a gay coffeehouse.
It's funny.
It doesn't really look any different.
- Except that it's all guys in here.
- Right.
So let's get out of here before
any of them get any ideas, okay?
Steve, will you take it easy?
They're not gonna cop a feel
over a cup of coffee.
Ryan, what is it?
Just one of the brothers
from the KEG house.
Here I thought I was the only one.
Are you gonna say anything to him?
No, not now.
Looks like he's busy.
You guys, I don't get it.
Why put out a calendar in April?
We have to get it ready now
so it'll go on sale
when the fall semester starts.
And we're gonna print
all the school events on it.
Football games, homecoming,
vacations.
And all the money goes to charity.
- That's great.
- Yeah.
If we could ever get anybody
to pose for it.
So far, everyone's passed
but Glenn Williams,
the varsity quarterback,
Mike Ryan and Artie Devers
from the KEG house.
The same guys who drool over the
swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated.
Exactly.
You ask them to pose
and they start laughing at you.
Oh, that's not the worst part.
Chuck Morgan, the head cheerleader?
He thought I was hitting on him.
Hey, what about Dylan?
Did you ask him?
Are you kidding? He was the worst.
"I don't know, Kel, sort of degrading
being treated like a sex object. "
Well, I didn't even ask David.
He was in such a bad mood
this morning.
Here you go, Andrea. A megaburger.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Maybe you should park yourself
next to the grill.
Well, I am eating for two.
Or three.
More like four?
- Hey, D.
- Hey, guys, how was the game?
Don't ask.
We got there just in time
for the top of the fourth inning.
After the Dodgers had scored...
Six runs? Six?
My 'Stang broke down.
- How about Brandon?
- Oh, there's an idea.
I don't know.
The worst thing he can do is say no.
You're right. I'll give it a try.
Hi, guys. How was the game?
- Cool it.
- Okay.
- Brandon?
- Yes.
I don't know if you've heard yet,
but the Alphas are trying
to make a huge donation
to the Downey House
for runaway teens.
I know you'd wanna do
whatever you can to help.
What do you got in mind, Kel?
We're putting together a calendar
and we're asking
all the most respected guys
on campus to pose for it.
And we all think
that you should be one.
Well, thanks, I'll definitely be there.
Great.
Okay, the shoot is on Saturday.
Come by the Alpha house
on Friday afternoon
for a wardrobe fitting, okay?
Wardrobe? What kind of wardrobe?
Well, you get to pick it.
What kind of wardrobe, Kelly?
Boxer shorts.
You wanna photograph me
in my underwear?
Isn't it degrading?
I mean, these women,
they treat us like sex objects.
I think that you and I
have already had this conversation.
You know, Kel, I don't think
the dean would think too highly
of his task force rep
posing for a pinup calendar.
It's not a pinup calendar.
I'll do it, Kelly. Anything for charity.
Steve, no doubt you're a hunk,
but we've already got two guys
from the KEG house
and we're trying to field
sort of a cross-section.
But you'll definitely be on the B-list.
- B-list?
We'll call you if anybody backs out.
Thanks.
What do you say, Brandon?
Sure, Kel. I'll do it.
As long as we're not...
David Silver?
Right on time, I like that.
I'm Holly Marlow.
That was incredible. What was it?
Schubert's Impromptus in E-flat.
I'm playing at a recital Friday night.
I'm afraid
it still needs a lot more work.
What, are you kidding?
It was perfect.
Perfect? No, it was passable.
Well, you could have fooled me.
Well, why don't we get started?
I think you said
you were working on the Mozart.
Did you bring it with you?
Yeah, it's right here.
If you really wanna have fun with me,
you can rearrange the furniture.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were...
Blind. It's okay, you can say it.
Well, it's just that
when we talked on the phone...
I didn't sound like a blind person?
It just seems like something
you would have mentioned.
To be honest,
I was afraid that if I told you,
it might scare you off,
and I really could use this job.
But since you're already here,
why don't you give me a try
and see how you like it?
And after that, it's up to you.
Great. Where do we start?
You sit down and play for me.
Right.
Loosen up. Don't be afraid of it.
Let the music play you,
not the other way around.
I'm sorry.
Your fingering is all wrong there.
Try doing the crossover like this.
- I should have figured.
- No, you're doing fine.
Let's go back a few bars
and try it again.
- I can't believe I got it.
- Keep playing. Don't stop.
You're water-skiing on a lake
in the mountains.
Feel the spray on your face.
Hear the wind in your hair.
Don't get locked on the page.
Look away from it.
You know what's coming.
Think of something that makes you
feel as free as the music.
That's it. Now you got it.
Some guys will do
for a little attention.
Pathetic, isn't it?
All the babes from the Alpha house
checking me out
to make sure my boxers fit
in all the right places.
While you're at it,
why don't you walk around campus
in a trench coat
and flash everyone?
- Hey, that's my specialty.
- Hey, Steve.
How you doing?
Can I get you something?
Cappuccino?
No, thanks.
You sure you wouldn't
like a cappuccino?
I never touch the stuff.
Oh, really?
I thought I saw you yesterday
having a cappuccino.
Let's get one thing straight.
I have never had a cappuccino.
Hey, Steve, it's cool, look...
You don't know how great it is
just to finally realize
that I'm not the only one here.
Are you crazy?
I was on my way
to a Dodger game, okay?
The car broke down, and I was
only in there to use the phone.
Okay.
So who was the guy you left with?
It was Brandon Walsh.
And he's not gay either.
You're not gonna tell the other guys,
are you?
Hey, Ryan, get over here.
Yeah, what's up?
I got a little theory going.
Let's see if it pans out.
Keith can't face the fact that nobody
wants to see him in his underwear.
You ever date Leslie Sumner?
Yeah.
Five of the best months of my life.
But you know how Leslie is.
She's always moving on.
See? What did I tell you?
The only guys they asked
are Leslie's old boyfriends.
I don't think so.
Maybe I should have
my head examined.
I mean, I just don't think
standing around in his underwear
is something Bill Clinton
would have done.
Brandon, who are you kidding?
Clinton's campaign
wasn't going anywhere
until he played the sax on TV.
Yeah, but not in his underwear.
I don't know. I think people like their
leaders to have the common touch.
Son, Walsh blood flows
in those veins.
It's time you accepted your destiny.
You are a sex symbol.
You know, Brandon,
I might be able to get Kelly
to get you some underwear
with the presidential seal on it.
Hey, man. Come on in.
What's the matter?
Still on the B-list?
It's better than the she-list.
The she-list?
What are you saying? Mike Ryan,
the president of your fraternity, is gay?
Why didn't you tell me
you saw him in there?
I didn't know how to deal with it.
I guess I was hoping it wasn't true.
Maybe I just didn't wanna
know about it at all.
The sick thing is,
he thought I was one too.
You have been known to parade
around the campus
in women's clothing, Steve.
Hey, that was for hell week
and you know it.
Hey, don't be so smug.
He thought you were gay.
But I'm not. So, what's the big deal?
The big deal is,
what do I do about the brothers?
What about them?
Ryan expects me to keep his secret.
So keep it for him.
Don't you think
they have a right to know?
Well, if it hasn't been
a problem so far...
Well, it hasn't been a problem
because no one knows.
You know, Steve,
you have a real short memory.
Do you remember when you almost
got kicked out of the fraternity?
Wasn't Mike Ryan one of the first
brothers to stand up for you?
- Yes.
- So, what are you gonna do?
You gonna call a general meeting?
You gonna make an announcement?
You gonna out him
in front of everybody?
That's a real nice way to repay him.
I wouldn't do that.
- Well, I'm glad to hear it.
- But I will tell you one thing.
He makes one move on me,
one gesture, one look, he'll regret it.
That's it. Let it discover itself.
You've just woken up
after a long night's sleep.
Everything is new.
Well, he's really gotten good,
hasn't he?
- I didn't realize I had an audience.
- That was really great.
Thanks.
It's mostly due to a great teacher.
Don't start getting modest
all of a sudden.
She's trying to teach me arrogance.
She says every great concert pianist
is loaded with it.
And make no mistake about it,
he's coming along beautifully.
I'm Kelly. I'm David's roommate.
Hi. Are you alone?
I thought I heard someone else.
Yeah, you did. I'm Donna.
She's my other roommate.
Hi.
Listen, I'm playing at a recital tonight
on campus.
- Maybe you guys would like to come.
- Yeah, that would be great.
Wait, don't you have
to help set up tonight
for the photo shoot tomorrow?
No, that's not our job.
Actually, I told Leslie I'd stop
by the studio tonight to help out.
- You did? When?
- I must have forgotten to tell you.
Come on, we'd better get back
to campus. We have stuff to do.
Yeah, I'll get my things.
Meet you at the car.
Nice to meet you, Donna.
Yeah, you too.
I kept watching the NCAA's,
wondering which guy on the floor
is me.
Dream on, my brother.
Hey, if I didn't go down,
we had a shot at the tournament.
A very long shot.
Well, all I'm saying is, next March,
when I'm back on my legs,
I'm gonna be
in the middle of the madness.
Hey, Mike. Let's go.
Hey, Brandon, any chance we get
the tall guy out on the court with us?
That wouldn't be fair.
I still got one good leg.
And a very small ego.
Hey, don't worry,
he can't go to his left.
- Thanks a lot, man.
- Good to know.
Take care, D'Shawn.
So I'm gonna make short work
of you, Walsh.
I am due over at Alpha House at 4.
Oh, you got talked into
that stupid calendar thing too, huh?
Guess they caught me
in a weak moment.
- We can go over there together then.
- Good.
So, did Sanders finally get himself
off the B-list?
- I do believe so, yeah.
- Good.
I figure that's why
he's been so moody lately.
Well, Steve's had a lot on his mind.
He told you, didn't he?
Yeah, he did.
But I'm his best friend.
Listen, Mike, I really don't think
you have anything to worry about.
Steve takes his fraternity
very seriously.
And the last thing he wants to do
is violate another brother's trust.
Yeah. Well, I hope you're right.
Let's go.
D'Shawn,
I have been looking all over for you.
Girl, you are relentless.
Look, I'll make you a deal.
If you agree to pose,
I will stop bugging you.
How about I don't agree
and you still stop bugging me?
Look, I don't know
why you don't wanna pose.
You'll look better in the boxers
than anyone else there.
Oh, is that so?
Of course it is.
Well, maybe I'll do it,
but on one condition.
Great. What's that?
- You go out with me.
- Go out with you?
D'Shawn, you know
I already have a boyfriend.
I was just kidding.
I'll pose for your calendar.
You don't have to go out with me.
No, wait a minute.
I think we should go out.
In fact,
I think we should go out tonight.
Wait, wait,
what about your boyfriend?
I'll tell you about it
on the way to Alpha house.
Come on,
we have to go pick you an outfit.
Now?
Lt'll only take ten minutes.
And don't look at me that way.
Remember, I'm relentless.
Very nice.
These are really tasty, Artie.
Did your mom pick yours out?
- Those are silk.
- I like those, man. I think...
- No, the teddy bears will work too.
- Thank you.
So tell us the truth, Sanders.
What'd you have to promise Leslie
to get off the B-list?
Artie, give me a break.
Does this look like a B-list body to you?
Yeah, you're right.
You look like the poster boy
for Queer Nation.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means you chose a pretty stunning
looking pair of shorts, Butchy.
Where'd you try them on,
in the closet?
For your information,
I didn't choose these.
They were given to me.
He's very sensitive.
Give it a rest, Artie.
Oh, now those are fabulous.
Doesn't she look fruity?
Artie, if you're so busy
looking for fruits,
why don't you look at a market
a little closer to home?
Are you calling me a pervert?
I'm not talking about you.
Well, then who
are you talking about?
So tell me something, Walsh.
How come you kept going to your left?
I psyched you out, didn't I?
D'Shawn and I do that all the time.
Yeah, that's the last time
I ever listen to Hardell.
Take your boxer shorts
and find another pinup.
Oh, come on, you guys,
don't do this to me.
What's the matter?
You know damn well
what's the matter. You make me sick.
Mike, Artie found out.
- How'd that happen?
- Well, you know how Artie is.
- It kind of slipped out.
- What do you mean it slipped out?
I thought you said I could trust him.
Come on, man,
it's your own damn fault.
You've been lying to everyone.
Why are you in the closet, anyway?
Because of bigots like you.
Thanks. Thanks for ruining my life.
Now, Steve,
I know you didn't do this on purpose.
There's gotta be
some kind of explanation.
- It just happened.
- What do you mean it just happened?
You promised me
you weren't gonna say anything.
Listen, man. You weren't there, okay?
You don't know what was going on.
I don't like being mistaken
for being gay.
Steve, I really don't think that anybody
is doubting your heterosexuality.
Oh, yeah? Well, Ryan did.
Everyone else
in that coffeehouse did.
Steve, that's weak.
Great, so now your masculinity
is secured for another 24 hours
and we don't have a calendar.
Well, I'm sorry about that, okay?
Steve, I just don't get it.
When did you become
so homophobic?
I am not ho...
You guys, I am not homophobic.
No, you just don't
want to know them
or have anything
to do with them, right?
Look, I'll go back to the KEG house
to smooth things over for you, okay?
Yeah.
I'll check with the guys and make sure
they're still okay with everything.
I'll talk to D'Shawn for you.
No, I'll talk to D'Shawn,
since I'm going out with him tonight.
You are?
David, will you get the door, please?
I'm still getting dressed.
- D'Shawn?
- Hi, how are you doing?
Is Donna ready?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You're doing the calendar thing.
- Yeah, sure, come on in.
- Yeah.
Hey, it's really cool of you
to help Donna set up tonight.
No, I'm taking her out.
Hi.
Oh, D'Shawn, they're beautiful.
I'm glad you like them.
Oh, D'Shawn,
you know David, my roommate?
Donna, what are you doing?
Will you put these in water?
D'Shawn and I really have to get going.
Enjoy the recital.
- You were great.
- Look who's talking.
Wait, wait.
Did you see the look on his face?
Well, thanks a lot.
I don't wanna take up
any more of your time.
That's what time's for, right?
On a Friday night,
a guy like you must have big plans.
Yeah, I do.
Well, how much do I owe you
for the flowers?
You don't owe me for the flowers.
What you owe me is a date.
I thought you were just kidding.
What kind of bowler are you?
Bowler?
Well, I am a great bowler.
But not in this dress.
Hey, you got a tight dress,
I got a bad knee. We're even.
Okay.
You ever been to Osaka Lanes?
Can't say I have.
- You're gonna love it.
- All right.
It's downtown, Little Tokyo,
wait till you see it.
- No way. No way.
- Hit his face.
- Take that, Artie.
- No, no, you take this.
Hey, Sanders. What's up?
I need to talk to you.
Can't you see I'm busy
whipping Keith's ass here?
- Yeah, right, Artie. In your dreams.
- Well, this is important.
No, this is important.
It's about the calendar, Artie.
Everything's okay.
I just talked to Leslie on the phone.
So you and Ryan worked things out?
Why don't you go ask him yourself?
What are you doing?
What's it look like I'm doing?
Come on, Mike, it's a stupid prank.
I'm sure the guys didn't really
mean anything by it anyway.
Yeah, right.
I am so sorry.
I wasn't thinking and I panicked.
I'd never do anything
to hurt you, bro.
And I did, and I'm sorry.
I always thought of you as my friend.
I hope you realize how much
I appreciate everything you did for me.
Yeah, well, the next time,
don't show so much appreciation.
Come on,
it was just a few of the guys.
I'm sure this is all gonna blow over
in a couple days.
You still don't get it, do you?
Artie called for a membership meeting.
So what?
You're the president of this fraternity.
You're the best president we've had.
I heard guys talking about that.
Me being president isn't the issue.
They wanna kick me
out of the fraternity.
They can't do that.
Yeah, well, don't worry about it,
because they're not gonna have to.
I'm handing in my resignation.
Wait a second.
Will you just let me get out of here?
Where are you gonna go?
Somewhere where I don't have
to apologize for being who I am.
David?
Yeah. How'd you know it was me?
I smelled your cologne.
Maybe I should lighten up on it then.
Maybe not.
I wouldn't want you
sneaking up on me.
Listen, I just wanted
to come back here
and see you before you went out.
- I'm really looking forward to this.
- I'm glad one of us is.
I am so nervous.
What do you have to be nervous
about? You're gonna be brilliant.
Try telling that to my hands.
Look at them, they can't stop shaking.
All right, lefty, we're counting on you.
I know you can do it.
And you too, righty, but remember,
the most important thing:
Always make sure lefty knows
exactly what you're doing.
And you too, lefty.
I'm glad you're here.
Yeah, me too.
It's too bad your friends
couldn't come with us.
Actually, I'm kind of glad they didn't.
Here we go.
Two peach pies right out of the oven
and two cups of coffee.
Now, if you need anything else,
you let me know, okay?
- Thank you, Nat. I will.
- Okay, pal.
You were right about the pie.
It does smell like a slice of heaven.
Is there any cream on the table?
Oh, yeah. It's over there.
Where is "over there"?
- Sorry, I'll get it.
- No.
Imagine my plate is a clock.
This is 12:00, 3:00, 6:00 and 9:00.
Now, where is the cream?
Ten o'clock.
Your hands are so beautiful.
You know, sometimes when you're
playing, I can't help but look at them.
David...
Tonight at the recital,
I really felt a connection.
Almost as if you were playing for me.
Music can be
a pretty heady experience.
Sometimes it brings up emotions
that aren't really there.
What are you saying?
David, you're not in love with me.
You're in love with my music.
No, it's more than just that.
I admire how brave you are.
I mean, most people
in your situation would give up,
but you don't let it stop you.
I just wanna make
your life easier for you.
I'm not a fairytale princess
who needs to be rescued.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way.
You know, you really hurt
your girlfriend's feelings this afternoon.
My girlfriend?
Donna.
She is your girlfriend, isn't she?
How'd you know that?
David, I'm blind, not deaf.
Didn't you hear the hurt in her voice
when you didn't wanna be with her
tonight?
Do you love her?
We've been together for a long time
and we've been through a lot.
Is that a yes or a no?
An artist has to know his own heart.
Yeah. Yeah, I love her.
Then maybe you ought to save
the sweet talk for her.
As long as I live in L.A.,
I don't think I'll ever get used to it.
The Osaka Lanes.
Now, there's something
you'd never see in Texas.
Cocktail waitresses serving sushi
and a DJ playing hip-hop.
But you had a good time, right?
All except for you whipping my butt.
So David's not back from the recital.
Holly's probably on her tenth encore
by now.
David's probably
leading the applause.
You know, when I was growing up,
it seems like all I did
was play basketball.
That was my number one reason
for living, you know what I mean?
Well, sure.
That's how you got so good at it.
Right.
But more than a few girls
didn't quite see it that way.
We'd go out to a movie,
I'd run into one of my buddies
and we'd start talking
about the game that afternoon.
Before I knew it,
I'd be getting one of those
don't-you-think-it's-time-we-left
looks.
I always knew
that was the end of the date.
They just felt excluded.
Well, what was I supposed to do?
Not talk about the thing
I loved the most?
What those girls didn't understand
was that my passion for basketball
had nothing to do
with my passion for them.
So, what are you saying?
That I shouldn't care that David
has a crush on his piano teacher?
Hey, I'm just talking about me.
You know what?
I'm really glad that we became friends.
Me too.
Let's do this again. Soon.
Okay.
Do you guys mind if I join you?
Do whatever you want.
I'll see you later.
So, what's the problem?
More car trouble?
Mike, I was hoping I'd find you here.
Haven't you done
enough damage already?
I didn't come to do
any more damage, okay?
I just wanted to talk to you.
I think my friend Gary
had the right idea.
Just cut your losses and run.
There's nothing worse than
having somebody say, "I told you so. "
You mean about the fraternity?
Gary always accused me
of wanting to have it both ways.
Of course, I always accused him
of being afraid
to venture outside of Boys Town, so.
This Gary,
he's a good friend of yours?
What, did I say something wrong?
For a few months,
Gary was my boyfriend.
He's the first one I ever had.
That is, till he got fed up with me.
What happened?
I never wanted us to do anything.
I was always afraid
if we went somewhere,
I might run into someone.
I know what that's like.
Oh, you do, huh?
Well, not exactly.
But I had this girlfriend, Celeste.
And I really screwed that up.
Did you keep her separate
from the rest of your life?
That was a big part of it.
Well, there you go, I guess
we're more alike than we realized.
Mike, I really wish
you'd come back to the house.
Back into enemy territory.
I don't think so.
Don't you at least owe it to yourself
to stand up to these guys?
- What? One man against a mob?
- No, not one man.
I'll stand there with you.
Forget about our reputation
on campus.
No, from now on, whenever
they refer to us as a jock house,
it's gonna have
a whole new meaning.
No.
I say you guys
gotta think about the future.
What kind of pledges
are we gonna attract?
Who's gonna show up
to join a gay fraternity?
And what about our alumni?
We can't survive
without their donations.
What's gonna happen
when they realize
what this fraternity's turned into?
I think the choice before us
is pretty clear.
The motion's been made
and seconded.
I say it's time for a vote.
Wait just a second, Artie.
This deserves more discussion.
Doesn't Mike
get a chance to defend himself?
Since when have you and Ryan
gotten so chummy?
Let him speak, Artie.
We have to hear both sides.
Anybody have any objections?
Okay, Ryan.
The floor is yours.
When I first came here today,
I thought I was gonna apologize
for being so dishonest with you guys.
See, I didn't think
that I could trust you to see
that I am still the same person
I've always been.
The man you elected president.
Then I started thinking
about some of the brothers
and the history of this fraternity.
And I realized
I was selling you guys short.
I thought about
the first African-American pledge
that dared to challenge
this fraternity's color line.
And now we take it for granted.
I thought about
the first Hispanic brother.
And I thought about
the first Jewish brother
and the first Asian-American brother.
And then I realized that the problem
isn't really about me being gay.
The problem is about people
being afraid of what they don't know.
Yeah, well, what I wanna know is,
how can you compare yourself
to them?
You're talking about race.
I'm talking about sex.
Sex with another guy.
You're wrong, Artie.
This isn't about race
and it isn't about sex.
It's about brotherhood.
About loyalty.
Something you guys
pay a lot of lip service to.
Is that all it is, lip service?
A slogan on a plaque?
A secret handshake?
Is that what we're talking about here?
Because if it is,
then this fraternity
and everything it stands for is a joke.
I move that we allow Mike Ryan
to remain a fraternity brother.
I move we also keep him
as president.
I second it.
Yeah, Keith.
If that's what you guys want,
you can have it.
Oh, Artie, man.
I'll be damned
if I'm gonna watch this place fall apart.
It's not gonna fall apart, Artie.
It just isn't, man.
This is a real hoot, isn't it?
I don't know
why this is taking so long.
What, the photo shoot?
No, the microwave.
I know, I know.
I have to stop eating so much, but...
Soon.
Well, Brandon, I can see here
that they finally found
the right boxers for you.
Kelly told me they would.
Is that the only reason you're here,
to bust my chops?
It's so easy. It's the best way to keep
those chops in pristine condition.
Besides, the girls of CU
are counting on it.
Thank you, sir.
What do you think, Silver?
Too perfect or what?
Yeah, Steve, too perfect.
I hear you whipped Brandon
pretty good.
You know he's got no jump shot,
don't you?
Oh, yeah,
just like he can't go to his left.
I'd better watch out for you.
You catch on pretty quick.
- Hey, I'm glad you're here.
- Yeah, thanks.
I thought you said
David wasn't coming.
I don't know what got into him.
All of a sudden,
he told me that he loved me
and that he would do anything
to help out.
You know, Artie Devers and
Glenn Williams still aren't here yet.
What are we gonna do?
First up, D'Shawn Hardell.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org